Enterprise Store
================

WSO2 Enterprise Store (ES) enables users to manage and provision the entire enterprise asset life cycle, for any type of asset in one store. The WSO2 ES is made-up of a combination of the Back-office and the Store Front. The Back-office allows users to add assets and manage them throughout the entire asset life cycle from creation to retirement; while also allowing users to maintain asset versioning. The Enterprise Store Front is a central multi-tenant store that helps to increase the visibility of enterprise assets, by allow users to  search and discover assets, while allowing them to subscribe (i.e., install, download etc.) to the assets as required. In addition, the Store Front facilitates social interaction among the users by allowing users to add asset reviews, rate assets and like or dislike reviews. The asset reviews will be automatically filtered based on its popularity and date added; thereby, users will be able to seamlessly sort the asset reviews using the available filters, which are namely, popular, oldest and newest. The asset review popularity aspect, will help the users to gauge the quality of the available assets based on the user feedback.

WSO2 Enterprise Store is shipped with three assets which are namely, gadgets, sites and e-books. However, WSO2 ES supports any type of enterprise asset such as APIs, mobile apps, web apps,services etc. This is made possible by WSO2 ES empowering its users the freedom to add their own digital asset types together with their own customized life cycles. WSO2 ES goes the extra mile by allowing users to also extend the ES by carrying out additional customizations (such as, customizing the asset subscription process based on how the asset needs to be accessed, adding new customized pages for the assets etc.).
